Docs release 1.10.0 csi 4365 host define (#517)
IBM/ibm-block-csi-driver: docs/content/installation/uninstall_driver_openshift_web.md

    **Operators** > **Installed Operators** > **Operator Details**.

> 4. If applicable, click on the **more** menu for the **host-definer** plugin and select **Delete HostDefiner**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If applicable, click on the **more** menu for **host-definer** and select **Delete HostDefiner**.
```
or if we must have a type:
```suggestion
4. If applicable, click on the **more** menu for the **host-definer** component and select **Delete HostDefiner**.
```

Author: @oriyarde  I took the terminology from the UI itself (there is a screen capture in the ticket - image (14).png)

Reviewer: I couldn't find the word "plugin" in `image (14).png` - could you capture a smaller area from it and put it here/in the ticket?

Author: My mistake - it's "driver". i'll update accordingly

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54570654/178147101-3905ba50-4261-45ea-b2f6-911916a43ec1.png)

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure this outdated as well.
@matancarmeli7 ?

Reviewer 2: I am not sure what do you mean?

Author: @matancarmeli7 is this the latest screen capture with the term "driver" in the tab name?

Reviewer 2: yes

Author: updated to driver

>     Wait for the controller and node pods to terminate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Wait for the host definer pod to terminate.
```

Author: updated

note - i'm still waiting on the actual name of the host definer  plugin and Delete button on openshift web here from @matancarmeli7

    This deletes the host definer. 

> 5. Click on the **more** menu for the **ibm-block-csi** driver and select **Delete IBMBlock CSI**.

Reviewer: I haven't tried it myself, but I'm pretty sure there is not such object as `IBMBlock`.
@roysahar are we playing "Chinese whispers" here?

Author: @oriyarde  "*Delete IBMBlock CSI" is what I have from previous releases.
the best would be to please provide me with a screen capture of what the screen / buttons actually look like for both the Delete IBMBlock and the host definer so I can get the names of the buttons and interface correct. thanks
@roysahar  @matancarmeli7

    **Operators** > **Installed Operators** > **Operator Details**.

> 4. If applicable, click on the **more** menu for the **host-definer** driver and select **Delete HostDefiner**.

Reviewer: this should be done after deleting the driver

Author: @matancarmeli7 please confirm what @oriyarde wrote above - I put this in per your initial instructions

Reviewer 2: yes, @oriyarde  is right, all the uninstall should be in the same order

Author: updated
